And now replace in the application where we of course save data is when we edit an offer.
There we also have the on update offer method and right now we're not doing anything here.
No definitely feel free to pause the video and try adding some logic here to actually call some method
into place a service which you'll have to add on your own that updates a place.
This will require definitely some things which we haven't used in this course in exactly the same way
we use it right now.
But in general it should be doable.
But of course you cannot just pause the video and try it but you can also follow along my solution or
compare yours to mine when they're done.
Where are you successful.
Let's try it together.
First of all we'll have to adjust the places service to have a method that allows us to update and offer.
And therefore here I'll add an update offer method and this will need to receive the data we can get
when we added an offer we can add the title and description so we definitely need to accept that as
arguments here.
But we also need to be able to identify the place we want to change.
So we need the place idea here as well.
And then title and description as I mentioned now for the logic in here we'll have to fetch the place
we want to change.
Then we will have to change it and then we want to replace it in our existing list of places.
So replace the existing place that we updated with the updated version and admit this new place list
definitely a couple of steps that are involved.
First of all let's reach out this places and we could subscribe here.
But actually I want to return my subscript here again so that we can listen to it in our edit offer
page and hence here I will do everything with our Express operators which do allow us to subscribe to
it even after the operator ran.
Now what do I want to pipe onto my places.
First of all take one.
So did I only get the latest snapshot of the list and not any future updates because I'm only updating
this once and then if I updated it again that would be a separate operation so for every updating operation
I only will touch my places list once.
So let's take all the places and then we tap into that so we can execute some code with the places where
fetching here.
So with our existing list of places in there I will have to get my updated place and I will need to
index off that place as well so that I can replace it in that places list we get this by using the places
list there to find index method which can be called on every javascript array and that will execute
a function on every element.
So in every place in that array and there I can compare the I.D. of the place I'm looking at with my
place I.D. I'm getting as an argument here.
And if that equals that is the place I want to look at and then find index will return Media Index off
that place with that we get the updated place index.
Now we can create updated places array here where I copy my old places to make sure we don't mutate
any old state in an unwanted way.
And then I can set up data places for the updated place index.
So now I'm accessing the element which I want to change and I'll set this equal to a new place which
should of course get all the data off the old place.
But I want to write that Highlands on.
So for that I'll add a new constant Old Place which is updated places for the updated place index and
then I can here of course keep the old at ease.
So that should be named Old place here.
So here I will access old place dot I.D. Now.
The title however should be overwritten with the title I'm getting us argument.
Same as the description description but all the other data will be kept.
So it will be old Lay's image you El old plays prize old plays date whips away lable from old plays
away lable to and old plays user I.D..
So this is essentially how I replace my existing place in the updated places array which is a copy of
my places array and now we just need to call this underscore replace this next and omit that updated
places array which is the old places array with that one place replaced so that now we remit a new list
of places essentially.
This should allow us to update a place.
Now I return this whole observable here so that in the added offer page I can wait for when this is
completed.
And now you could add your own delay again to show a spinner.
Let's maybe do this year to practice this as well and then the added offer page here.
I will now inject that places service so private places.
Oh it's already there.
So we can still inject something and that would be the router because there's still one to navigate
away once we're done.
Roger of course is imported from at Angola router.
And then here in on update all four I'm checking the validity and thereafter we can call this
places service update Ofer now here we want to access our place and there the idea and then pass on
this forum value title and this forum value descriptions so to date I have fetched here in my forum
now by the way in the places service I of course named this update offer an update.
It's called at place you could name this year update place as well and I will name it such to be less
confusing because offer and place for me here basically is the same.
So I will call update plays here.
Nonetheless this gives us a subscription.
So let's subscribe here by the way you never need to clear these subscriptions.
These are one time observable they will complete automatically once their operation is done.
So no need to clear this here and then in here we can dismiss any loader we're showing.
So to show a loading spinner let's inject this as well let's inject the loading controller here off
type loading controller which is imported from at ionic angular and then we can use the loading controller
down there.
This loading controller to create a new loading overlay with a message of updating place in the Venn
block.
We get our loading element that is created for us by ionic and to the stair where I then want to start
that updating process in my service so that I can call loading element present here and then into subscription
here I'll pass in a function or to the subscribe method here I'll pass a function which will execute
once we're done with the updating logic and they're all call loading element dismiss.
And I also want to clear to form.
So this form reset is what I call here and navigate away.
So this router navigate to slash places tabs offers doesn't sound like a bad idea.
And now with that we have generally the same logic as we have in a new offshore place.
But now with editing and offer.
So if I had a couple of exclamation marks to Lemoore to sure which was a real horrible way of pronouncing
this then you see them here as well.
And of course also here.
So now we're doing quite a lot already.
Let's next make sure that we can only book places we haven't created before we dare officer make sure
that we also can view our bookings and draw that from a real service populated dynamically and that
we of course can make a booking.